Tom Cruise is one of the world’s most famous
people, but he keeps his offscreen life extremely
private— and that goes for his three kids
too.
“He loves all his children,” a source
said. “And each of them has a right to their
own story.”
Learn more about Tom Cruise's children.
Isabella Jane Cruise.
Isabella Jane Cruise was born on December
22, 1992 in Miami, Florida.
Since Isabella’s biological mother could
not take care of her because of financial
constraints, she was adopted by Tom and Nicole
from a hospital in Miami. Tom and Nicole knew
Isabella’s biological mother as she was
associated with the ‘Church of Scientology,’
a multinational network which Tom and Nicole
were a part of.
The then celebrity couple was going through
a tough time as they were dealing with Nicole’s
miscarriage. They then decided to go for an
adoption, and with the help of the authorities
from the ‘Church of Scientology,’ they
legally adopted Isabella. She brought a ray
of hope into Tom and Nicole’s traumatic
relationship. Nicole formed a strong bond
with her daughter and the bond strengthened
over the next few years.
Nicole and Tom got divorced when Isabella
was just nine years old. The divorce left
Isabella devastated and strained her relationship
with her parents. She severed her ties with
Nicole and even stopped calling her ‘Mom.’
Scientology played a major role in causing
problems in their relationship. A few scientologists
called Nicole a ‘suppressive person’ and
blamed her for her tumultuous relationship
with Tom and her children.
Isabella then developed a cordial relationship
with her father’s third wife, Katie Holmes.
In an interview, which was given right before
his wedding with Katie, Tom thanked his children,
Isabella and Connor, for being supportive
and for welcoming Katie into their life. Unfortunately,
that relationship too, was short-lived as
Isabella moved to Britain right after Tom
and Katie ended their marriage in 2012.
However, Isabella maintains a cordial relationship
with her father. The father-daughter duo is
often seen spending quality time with each
other. Isabella surprised many when she got
married to an IT consultant named Max Parker
in 2015. The absence of Tom Cruise and Nicole
Kidman in her wedding sparked off many speculations.
Though Tom took care of the wedding expense,
he kept himself away from the ceremony. Nicole,
on the other hand, was not even informed about
the wedding. In 2016, Nicole had an emotional
reunion with her daughter and met her son-in-law
for the first time. In 2018, Isabella paid
tribute to Nicole by including her mother’s
name in her newly launched fashion line.
As a kid, Isabella aspired to become a screenplay
writer. However, Tom and Nicole kept Isabella
away from the blinding glamour of Hollywood.
They never took her to any events or premier
shows. Since she was homeschooled, she did
not get the opportunity to attend a regular
school.
For her higher studies, Isabella was sent
to London, where she studied art. She then
completed a 12-month diploma in professional
hairdressing at ‘Sassoon Academy.’ By
then, she had gained considerable knowledge
and experience in hairstyling and make-up.
She joined the prestigious ‘Delamar Academy
of Make-up & Hair’ at Ealing Studios in
London. She is now focusing on starting her
own chain of styling and make-up academies.
Isabella is happily married to Max Parker
and lives in a semi-detached house in Croydon,
London. She moved into her new home, along
with her husband in 2017. She has opted for
a modest lifestyle instead of leading a lavish
life in Los Angeles. She has also declined
financial support from her parents. In fact,
Isabella and Max were seen moving into their
new home without any professional help. It
certainly looks like the couple has decided
to lead a simple and happy life.
Connor Cruise.
Connor Cruise was born on January 17, 1995,
in Florida.
Connor was four months old when he was adopted
by Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman. No information
about Connor’s biological parents is available.
According to a few sources, Tom and Nicole
adopted Connor to save their marriage, which
was in jeopardy because of their personal
and emotional differences.
Connor was unaware of his adoption as he was
not informed about it by his parents. When
he had asked about his skin color, he was
told that he had inherited the traits of Nicole's
ancestors from Australia. In 2012, during
a news conference of his film ‘Red Dawn,’
a reporter asked him about his biological
parents. A confused Connor turned towards
his father for an explanation, and thereafter
the truth was revealed to him.
Prior to this incident, everyone was under
the impression that Connor knew about his
adoption. Connor later stated that his newly
acquired knowledge would not affect his relationship
with his parents. But the damage had already
been done as he confessed that many of his
unanswered questions were now answered and
that a few things which had been bothering
him were cleared out of his head.
In fact, he went on to say that things like
Nicole making little efforts to get her son's
custody during her divorce and Tom's inability
to love him the way he loves his biological
daughter, Suri, made more sense to him. All
these statements explained a lot about his
strained relationship with his father and
mother.
Connor was homeschooled by his aunt. He was
later enrolled at a Scientology School. Initially,
he disliked the idea as he did not support
the philosophies of ‘The Church of Scientology.’
But later on in his life, he too, became a
scientologist, just like his sister and father.
He also completed his high school education
from a Scientology School.
Unlike his sister Isabella, Connor was exposed
to the film industry right from his childhood.
Connor enjoyed hogging the limelight so much
so that he decided to pursue a career in the
field of entertainment. Interestingly, a career
in acting was not always his preferred choice.
When he was a kid, he wanted to become a pilot.
When he expressed his desire to his father,
Tom started taking him to various flying clubs.
As Connor grew up, he shifted his focus to
acting. In 2008, he got his first acting break
when he portrayed the younger version of Ben
Thomas in the film ‘Seven Pounds.’ Next,
he was seen in a minor role in the 2012 film
‘Red Dawn.’
When Connor was moving ahead with his acting
career, he developed a passion for music,
which led him to shift his attention towards
DJing. His discography includes a remix of
the popular track ‘Feed Me Diamonds,’
which was released by ‘Ultra Records.’
Post its release, the track was played in
‘The David Letterman Show.’
Connor has collaborated with many popular
artists like Andy Caldwell, The Black Eyed
Peas, and The Veronicas. Another hit track
composed by Conner is titled ‘Refined.’
On October 26, 2011, he performed at ‘Nickelodeon's
TeenNick HALO Awards,’ which was held at
the Hollywood Palladium. Connor is now better
known by his stage name ‘DJ C-Squared’
and is currently working on several collaborative
albums.
Connor was in a relationship with a surfer
and fishing expert named Phylicia Bugna. He
broke up with her in 2017 over religious differences.
He was rumored to be dating his childhood
friend, Lillie Parker.
Suri Cruise.
Suri Cruise was born on April 18, 2006 at
Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica,
California.
Even before Suri Cruise was born, the international
media was obsessed with gossips over her expected
birth. While rumors were abound around the
high-profile relationship between her parents
Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes since they were
spotted together for the first time in 2004,
after they made it official, Katie's pregnancy
became the new spotlight of various tabloids.
It was partially fuelled by Tom himself who
revealed that he had purchased a pricey sonogram
machine for on-demand tracking of fetus Suri's
development. Her birth in April 2006 was extensively
covered in the media. An infant Suri made
her first media appearance, along with her
parents Tom and Katie, on the cover of the
2006 issue of the 'Vanity Fair' magazine,
which sold more than 70,000 copies. Since
then, media outlets have constantly reported
on every detail about the little celebrity,
from her uncanny similarities to her mother
to her incredible fashion sense even as a
child.
In 2012, she began attending a new prestigious
$40,000 per year school in Manhattan which
opened in fall that year. She also trains
in ballet and gymnastics.
After five and a half years, her mother filed
for divorce on June 29, 2012, and a settlement
was reached on July 9, 2012.
It was widely reported that Suri Cruise's
mother filed for divorce from Tom Cruise because
she feared that Cruise would abduct Suri,
and also felt intimidated by the Church of
Scientology. Cruise later accepted to lawyers
that one of the reasons Katie sought divorce
was because she wanted to protect Suri from
the controversial religion he practices. He
also revealed that his daughter was no more
a practicing member of the religion. According
to the doctrines of the "space-alien cult",
those who leave the religion are disowned
by the church, branded as 'Suppressive Persons',
and are prohibited from meeting even close
family members. Apparently, the church made
an exception for its renowned celebrity member
Tom. However, it was reported in September
2017, that Tom has not seen his daughter in
the past four years since August 2012.